Added operations documentation and guides (#145)
finos/technical-oversight-committee: liason-guide.md

> # TOC Liaison Guide

Reviewer: I really like this idea of a liaison guide for different projects

As a TOC Liaison, your role is to facilitate direct support from the TOC to your assigned projects.

## Liason Responsibilities

- **Monthly Meetings**: Meet with project leads at least once a month to gather updates and discuss any obstacles.
- **Quarterly Reporting**: Submit a summary of project status to the TOC Chair for inclusion in the quarterly board report.

> - **Issue Escalation**: Privately escalate major issues or complaints to the TOC unless the project requests otherwise.

Author: Yeah I think this is pretty generic intentionally to remind folks to use discretion. Open to suggestions for rewording if needed.

An example would be if a project lead is seeking advice on something they're not prepared to formally submit as a complaint, such as interpersonal difficulties that are slowing down progress.

> - **Issue Escalation**: Privately escalate major issues or complaints to the TOC unless the project requests otherwise.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Issue Escalation**: Privately escalate major issues or complaints to the TOC as needed.
```

- **Project Growth Track**: Ensure that all projects understand the path to [promotion](https://community.finos.org/docs/governance/Software-Projects/project-lifecycle) or [archival](https://community.finos.org/docs/governance/software-projects/stages/archived/).

### Liason Report Template

Please use the following template to streamline consolidation into the monthly newsletter and quarterly report for the FINOS Governing Board.

```markdown
## [Enter project name]

> Liaison: [Your name]

Author: I don't have a preference on this. We'll still need to decide where the reports live after they're complete.

Leads: [Project leads]

### Progress

- Significant milestones achieved
- Notable contributions or updates

### Challenges

- Any obstacles or issues raised by the project
- Any support requested from the TOC

### Next Steps

- Planned activities or upcoming milestones
- Suggested actions to address challenges

### Additional Notes

- Any further observations or recommendations
```

## How to meet with your projects

- **Set aside time**: Create a recurring monthly meeting for 60 minutes, though you may not need the whole hour every time.
- **Solicit Updates**: Ask how things are going, what the team is working on, and whether there are any obstacles. Follow up on previous discussions. Take notes for later!

> - **Share Knowledge**: If there is interest, volunteer news from across the landscape. This may be your project leads' only practical opportunity to learn about other ongoing efforts!

Reviewer 2: We should somehow collate and track the items that would worth sharing and find a way to surface them up at the right time. I was thinking maintaining a 4 column google sheet, landscape item A, landscape item B, information, whether it has been communicated. This information later can be resurfaced other forms too.
